Add support for regular expressions in `$app` modifier (#714)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/general/ad-filtering/create-own-filters.md

For Mac, you can find out the bundle ID or the process name of the app by viewing the respective request details in the Filtering log.

**Syntax**

> The modifier is a list of one or more expressions separated by the `|` symbol, each of which is matched against a application in a particular way depending on its type (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The modifier is a list of one or more expressions, each of which is matched against an application in a particular way depending on its type. These expressions are separated by the `|` symbol.
```

```text
applications = ["~"] entry_0 ["|" ["~"] entry_1 ["|" ["~"]entry_2 ["|" ... ["|" ["~"]entry_N]]]]
entry_i = ( regular_app / wildcard_app / regexp )
```

> - **`regular_app`** — a regular application name (`example.app`). Corresponds the specified application and its subapplications. It is matched lexicographically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`regular_app`** — a regular application name (`example.app`). It corresponds to the specified application and its subapplications and is matched lexicographically.
```

> - **`any_tld_app`** — a application name ending with a wildcard character as a [public suffix](https://publicsuffix.org/learn/), e.g. for `example.*` it is `app` in `example.app`. Corresponds to the specified application and its subapplications with any public suffix. It is matched lexicographically.

Reviewer 2: It is unclear how the concept of a "subapplication" is defined and how the concept of a public suffix relates to an application name. I feel like this PR tries to apply domain restriction logic to application restriction, which is incorrect: even if application names may in some cases look like domain names (e.g., bundle IDs on macOS), they are not.

> - **`regexp`** — a regular expression, starts and ends with `/`. The pattern works the same way as in the basic URL rules, but the characters `/`, `$`, `,`, and `|` must be escaped with `\`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`regexp`** — a regular expression that starts and ends with `/`. It works the same way as the basic URL rules, but the characters `/`, `$`, `,`, and `|` must be escaped with `\`.
```

- `||baddomain.com^$app=~org.example.app` — a rule to block requests that match the specified mask and are sent from any app except for the `org.example.app`.
- `||baddomain.com^$app=~org.example.app1|~org.example.app2` — same as above, but now two apps are excluded: `org.example.app1` and `org.example.app2`.

You can use regular expressions in the `$app` modifier by enclosing them in forward slashes `/.../`. This allows for more flexible matching — for example, targeting a group of apps from the same publisher or matching complex patterns.

- `||baddomain.com^$app=/org\.example\.[a-z0-9_]+/` — applies to all apps whose package name starts with `org.example` (e.g. `org.example.app1`, `org.example.utility`, etc.).

> - `||baddomain.com^$app=/^org\.example\.app$|^org\.example\.[ab].*/` — applies to `org.example.app` and to any app whose package starts with `org.example.a` or `org.example.b`.

Reviewer 3: `$` and `,` should be escaped in modifiers, since unescaped `$` means modifiers start, and `,` is modifiers separator.

The `$app` modifier supports combining plain app names, negated app names, and regular expressions in the same rule.

> - `||baddomain.com^$app=org.example.app|~org.example.excluded|/org\.example\.[a-z]+/` — applies to `org.example.app`, to all matching `org.example.[a-z]+` apps, and excludes `org.example.excluded`.

Reviewer 3: A negation and a non-negated expression cannot be in the same expression, because ~ essentially matches "everything except", and can only be combined with other ~ expressions to expand that "except". Otherwise, it leads to too many possible interpretations.

- `||baddomain.com^$app=~org.example.app` — a rule to block requests that match the specified mask and are sent from any app except for the `org.example.app`.
- `||baddomain.com^$app=~org.example.app1|~org.example.app2` — same as above, but now two apps are excluded: `org.example.app1` and `org.example.app2`.

> You can use wildcards in the $app modifier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use wildcards in the `$app` modifier:
```

- `||baddomain.com^$app=org.example.*` — applies to all apps whose package names start with `org.example.`

You can use regular expressions in the `$app` modifier by enclosing them in forward slashes `/.../`. This allows for more flexible matching — for example, targeting a group of apps from the same publisher or matching complex patterns.

- `||baddomain.com^$app=/org\.example\.[a-z0-9_]+/` — applies to all apps whose package name starts with `org.example` (e.g. `org.example.app1`, `org.example.utility`, etc.).
- `||baddomain.com^$app=/^org\.example\.app\$\|^org\.example\.[ab].*/` — applies to `org.example.app` and to any app whose package starts with `org.example.a` or `org.example.b`.

The `$app` modifier supports combining all three types of entries — plain names, wildcards, and regular expressions — within the same rule, but it does not allow combining negated and non-negated expressions together.

> - `||example.com^$app=org.example.app|org.example.*|/org\.example\.[a-z]+/` — applies to `org.example.app`, all matching `org.example.*` and all matching `org.example.[a-z]+` apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `||example.com^$app=org.example.app|org.example.*|/org\.example\.[a-z]+/` — applies to `org.example.app`, all matching `org.example.*` and `org.example.[a-z]+` apps.
```

:::caution Restrictions

- Apps in the modifier value cannot include a wildcard inside the string , e.g. `$app=com.*.music`.

>   Use a regular expression instead: `$app=/com\..*\.music/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use a regular expression instead: `$app=/com\..*\.music/`.
```

- You cannot combine negated (`~`) and non-negated expressions in the same `$app` modifier — this would be ambiguous.

:::

:::info Compatibility

- Only AdGuard for Windows, Mac, Android are technically capable of using rules with `$app` modifier.
- On Windows the process name is case-insensitive starting with AdGuard for Windows with [CoreLibs] v1.12 or later.

> - Support for regular expressions and combined formats in `$app` is available starting from CoreLibs v1.19 or later.

Reviewer 4: what does `combined formats` means? it cannot be searched on the page
